{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16240\viewh12420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PyCitySchools\
\
Based on the data, the following observations can be seen: \
\
1. Charter schools did better in that average math and reading scores were higher than that of district schools. Over 90% of students in charter schools  had passing scores (>= 70) in math and in reading. About 90% of students in charter schools were passing both math and reading whereas only about 54% of students in district schools were passing both math and reading. Average scores in math were similar to average scores in reading for charter schools ( 83%, 84% respectively) in charter schools. Average scores in math were lower (77%) than average reading scores (81%) in district schools.\
\
2. Smaller  (< 1000 students) and medium school (1000 - 2000 students) size had better average mean math and reading scores than that of large (2000 - 5000 students) schools. Percentage of students passing math and passing reading were similar in small and medium schools, all above 93% or better. Only 69% of students in large schools were passing math and 83% were passing reading. Overall passing percentage of students in small and medium schools were similar (90%, 91% respectively) whereas only 57% of students in large schools were passing both math and reading. Although there are no data available as to the staff size of the schools, this could be an example to argue that lower student to teacher ratios can aid in better student performance. \
\
3. Surprisingly, schools with less money spent per student had higher mean math and reading scores. The overall percentages of students passing both math and reading were above 90% for schools with budgets of $625 or less whereas schools with budgets of above $625 per student only had 58% or less. With these data alone one can argue more money spent on each student may not necessarily result in better performance scores. There are no data to indicate on what the spending for each student is allotted for. The money spent per student can vary between schools: academics (i.e. math and reading) and extracurricular activities. }